here we have the rib section of the rabbit
what I'm going to do eventually is remove the
loin what's left of it up at the top here and
also kind of trim off these bones alternatively
you can do a cross cut and
make little rabbit chops
here we have first I'm just
going to trim any of this excess
belly and remember this would be used for
stock this is part of the sternum coming off
as you can see the ribs underneath to access those
loins I'm removing also some of this flat
meat turning it around just for easier access
and now the two loins are
exposed following the spine
with the tip of my knife pulling
the meat away with my food hand
following the rib structure
putting my knife underneath
and I've removed one of the loins turning it over
you can see there is some silver skin which would
be removed and then i'll remove the other
side again what you can use this for is
emus, super tender meat you can also use
it as part of your saddle stuffing in your
just layering laying out on
your saddle before rolling
turning it around
following the spine again I am removing off the other
loin pulling the meat with my food hand away from
the bone structure putting my knife underneath
and here's the second one, this can
be further chopped down for stock